README.md, before:

# EEG Trigger JS

A lightweight JavaScript module for sending trigger values to EEG recording systems through a REST API.

## Overview

This module provides a simple interface to send trigger markers to an EEG recording system via HTTP requests. 

## Installation

Include the script in your HTML file using the CDN:

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/the-wise-lab/eeg-trigger-js@main/triggers.js"></script>
```

The module will be available as a global object called `eegTrigger` when loaded in the browser.

## Usage

### Configuring the Server

Before sending triggers, you can configure the server address and port (optional - defaults to 127.0.0.1:5000):

```javascript
// Configure the server (do this once at the start of your application)
eegTrigger.configureServer('localhost', 8080);
```

### Sending Triggers

Send trigger values to the EEG recording system:

```javascript
// Send a trigger with value 1
eegTrigger.sendTrigger(1)
  .then(response => {
    console.log('Trigger sent successfully:', response);
  })
  .catch(error => {
    console.error('Failed to send trigger:', error);
  });
  
// Send another trigger with a different value
eegTrigger.sendTrigger(42);
```

### Getting the Server URL

If you need to check the current server URL:

```javascript
const url = eegTrigger.getServerUrl();
console.log(`Currently sending triggers to: ${url}`);
```

## API Reference

### `configureServer(host, port)`

Configure the server address and port.

- `host`: String - The server host address (e.g., '127.0.0.1', 'localhost')
- `port`: Number - The server port

### `sendTrigger(triggerValue)`

Send a trigger value to the EEG recording system.

- `triggerValue`: Number - The trigger value to send
- Returns: Promise - Resolves with the server response or rejects with an error

### `getServerUrl()`

Get the current server URL based on the configuration.

- Returns: String - The complete server URL

## Example: Web-Based Experiment

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>EEG Experiment</title>
    <!-- Include the EEG Trigger JS library -->
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/the-wise-lab/eeg-trigger-js@main/triggers.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
    <div id="stimulus">Ready</div>
    <button id="start-button">Start Experiment</button>

    <script>
        // Configure the server
        eegTrigger.configureServer('127.0.0.1', 5000);

        // Function to present a stimulus and send a trigger
        function presentStimulus(stimulusId) {
            // Display the stimulus
            document.getElementById('stimulus').innerText = `Stimulus ${stimulusId}`;
            
            // Send the trigger
            eegTrigger.sendTrigger(stimulusId)
                .then(() => console.log(`Trigger ${stimulusId} sent`))
                .catch(err => console.error('Trigger error:', err));
        }

        // Use in your experiment
        document.getElementById('start-button').addEventListener('click', () => {
            // Present stimulus 1 after 1 second
            setTimeout(() => presentStimulus(1), 1000);
            
            // Present stimulus 2 after 2 seconds
            setTimeout(() => presentStimulus(2), 2000);
        });
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

## Notes

- Ensure you have a corresponding API endpoint listening at the configured address.
- The module expects the server to accept POST requests with JSON content.
- All trigger communication is asynchronous using Promises.
- For precise timing, consider browser limitations and network latency.
- Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) may need to be enabled on your server if the web page is hosted on a different domain.

Commit message:

Add verbose option for time logging

README.md, after:

# EEG Trigger JS

A lightweight JavaScript module for sending trigger values to EEG recording systems through a REST API.

## Overview

This module provides a simple interface to send trigger markers to an EEG recording system via HTTP requests. 

## Installation

Include the script in your HTML file using the CDN:

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/the-wise-lab/eeg-trigger-js@main/triggers.js"></script>
```

The module will be available as a global object called `eegTrigger` when loaded in the browser.

## Usage

### Configuring the Server

Before sending triggers, you can configure the server address and port (optional - defaults to 127.0.0.1:5000):

```javascript
// Configure the server (do this once at the start of your application)
eegTrigger.configureServer('localhost', 8080);
```

### Verbose Mode

Enable verbose mode to log timestamps when triggers are sent and responses are received:

```javascript
// Enable verbose mode
eegTrigger.toggleVerbose(true);

// Disable verbose mode
eegTrigger.toggleVerbose(false);
```

When verbose mode is enabled, timestamps in the format `HH:MM:SS.mmm` will be logged to the console:

```
[14:22:35.123] Sending trigger: 1
[14:22:35.231] Response received for trigger: 1
```

### Sending Triggers

Send trigger values to the EEG recording system:

```javascript
// Send a trigger with value 1
eegTrigger.sendTrigger(1)
  .then(response => {
    console.log('Trigger sent successfully:', response);
  })
  .catch(error => {
    console.error('Failed to send trigger:', error);
  });
  
// Send another trigger with a different value
eegTrigger.sendTrigger(42);
```

### Getting the Server URL

If you need to check the current server URL:

```javascript
const url = eegTrigger.getServerUrl();
console.log(`Currently sending triggers to: ${url}`);
```

## API Reference

### `configureServer(host, port)`

Configure the server address and port.

- `host`: String - The server host address (e.g., '127.0.0.1', 'localhost')
- `port`: Number - The server port

### `sendTrigger(triggerValue)`

Send a trigger value to the EEG recording system.

- `triggerValue`: Number - The trigger value to send
- Returns: Promise - Resolves with the server response or rejects with an error

### `getServerUrl()`

Get the current server URL based on the configuration.

- Returns: String - The complete server URL

### `toggleVerbose(enable)`

Enable or disable verbose mode with timestamps.

- `enable`: Boolean - Whether to enable verbose logging (default: true if not specified)

## Example: Web-Based Experiment

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>EEG Experiment</title>
    <!-- Include the EEG Trigger JS library -->
    <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/the-wise-lab/eeg-trigger-js@main/triggers.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
    <div id="stimulus">Ready</div>
    <button id="start-button">Start Experiment</button>

    <script>
        // Configure the server
        eegTrigger.configureServer('127.0.0.1', 5000);

        // Function to present a stimulus and send a trigger
        function presentStimulus(stimulusId) {
            // Display the stimulus
            document.getElementById('stimulus').innerText = `Stimulus ${stimulusId}`;
            
            // Send the trigger
            eegTrigger.sendTrigger(stimulusId)
                .then(() => console.log(`Trigger ${stimulusId} sent`))
                .catch(err => console.error('Trigger error:', err));
        }

        // Use in your experiment
        document.getElementById('start-button').addEventListener('click', () => {
            // Present stimulus 1 after 1 second
            setTimeout(() => presentStimulus(1), 1000);
            
            // Present stimulus 2 after 2 seconds
            setTimeout(() => presentStimulus(2), 2000);
        });
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

## Notes

- Ensure you have a corresponding API endpoint listening at the configured address.
- The module expects the server to accept POST requests with JSON content.
- All trigger communication is asynchronous using Promises.
- For precise timing, consider browser limitations and network latency.
- Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) may need to be enabled on your server if the web page is hosted on a different domain.
